README.md, before:

## Overwatch Counters

#### Sources
- [Combos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KNtKdOLxilU) Removed, might add back in
- [Heroes](http://overwatch.gamepedia.com/)
- [Maps](http://overwatchcountersguide.com/maps)
- [Meta Report](https://www.overbuff.com)

#### Changes
- [x] Clarify that attack/defense is for your team
- [x] Change default meta to Two-Two-Two
- [x] Round corners of recommended + enemy team
- [x] Add Zarya as counter for Junkrat
- [x] Minimize icon CSS
- [x] Factor in attack and defense
- [x] Min one meta + Best heros meta
- [x] Add a sniper property to make sure there is only one sniper
- [x] When making sure there is one of each role, shift the order over so the hero added in is added to the end
- [ ] Add who on your team is countered by the enemy team
- [ ] Set custom number of each role

#### New Features
- [ ] Manual option entry
- [ ] Synergies
- [ ] Lock Heroes in (Class + lock icon, remove icon to )
- [ ] Use FoxBarrington's Synergy and Counter Data
- [ ] Option to permit 2 of the same hero
- [ ] Android and iOS versions (Free or Pay?)
- [ ] Option to enter the enemy team and your team to see who on your team is being hard countered

Commit message:

Major Release
Added Sombra
Fixed bug where the submap will not work
Rewrote the functions that handle the heuristics to determine counters.
Simplified the logic and provides hard and soft counters.

README.md, after:

## Overwatch Counters

#### Sources
- [Maps and heroes](http://overwatchcountersguide.com)
- [Meta Report](https://www.overbuff.com)

#### Changes
- [x] Clarify that attack/defense is for your team
- [x] Change default meta to Two-Two-Two
- [x] Round corners of recommended + enemy team
- [x] Add Zarya as counter for Junkrat
- [x] Minimize icon CSS
- [x] Factor in attack and defense
- [x] Min one meta + Best heros meta
- [x] Add a sniper property to make sure there is only one sniper
- [x] When making sure there is one of each role, shift the order over so the hero added in is added to the end
- [x] Add Sombra
- [x] Use FoxBarrington's Counter Data
- [x] For maps with submaps (Ilios and Nepal) selecting a submap from the drop down immediately resets to "Average of all submaps"

#### New Features
- [ ] Add who counters who and who is countered by who to UI
- [ ] Set custom number of each role
- [ ] Manually enter recommended team members option (Lock icon)
- [ ] Synergies
- [ ] Option to permit 2 of the same hero
- [ ] Android and iOS App Ports
